---
id: tw-bsmi-commodity-inspection-schemes
title: Taiwan Commodity Inspection Schemes Information Booklet
url: https://www.bsmi.gov.tw/wSite/public/Data/f1768800988860.pdf
authority: Bureau of Standards, Metrology and Inspection
jurisdiction: TW
domain: product_certification
source_type: guidance
priority: high
format: pdf
fetched_at: 2026-06-25T13:02:08.124Z
content_hash: 3130c14566f63c31c3b095db60226934f49c656912f5183dac6c7bd98fc72cc8
from_cache: false
manual_fallback: false
browser_capture: false
parse_error: 
tags: bsmi, commodity-inspection, certification-mark, regulated-products
---

# Taiwan Commodity Inspection Schemes Information Booklet

Source: https://www.bsmi.gov.tw/wSite/public/Data/f1768800988860.pdf

## Extract

TAIWAN COMMODITY INSPECTION SCHEMES FOR ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONIC PRODUCTS (CONFORMITY ASSESSMENT) Information Booklet (version 1.87) Bureau of Standards, Metrology and Inspection (BSMI) TAIWAN COMMODITY INSPECTION SCHEMES 1 Bureau of Standards, Metrology and Inspection 4 Chinan Road Section 1, Taipei 100 Taiwan, R.O.C. Tel: (886 2) 2343 1700 Fax: (886 2) 2393 2324 Website: http://www.bsmi.gov.tw Published: 9 November 2006 (1 st Edition) Last Updated: 19 January 2026 All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without prior written permission of the publisher. TAIWAN COMMODITY INSPECTION SCHEMES 2 CONTENTS Chapter Page 1 Preface 3 2 Introduction 4 3 Who Should be Concerned with these Schemes 5 4 Act and Key Regulations 6 5 Competent Authority’s Requirements 7-8 6 Registration of Regulated Commodities 9-10 7 8 Certificate of RPC TABI Scheme 11 12 9 DOC of Regulated Commodities 13 10 Modification to Registered Regulated Commodities 14-15 11 Commodity Inspection Mark 16-19 12 Technical File 20-22 13 Coding for Conformity Assessment Bodies 23-25 14 Questions & Answers 26 Appendices 27 A Definitions 28-29 B Brief description of the seven modules under RPC scheme 30-32 C-1 Regulated Electrical Equipment and their Applicable Standards 33-69 C-2 Regulated Electronic Equipment and their Applicable Standards 70-88 D Flow-chart for Registration/Certification of Regulated commodities under RPC Scheme 89 E Flow-chart for Registration/Certification of Regulated commodities under MRA 90 F Flow-chart for Regulated commodities under DoC Scheme 91 G Flow-chart for Renewal of Registered Regulated commodities 92 H-1 List of Attachments to the Application for Registration of Product Certification (Form AP-01, Rev.4) 93 H-2 Application Form for the Registration of Product Certification (Form AP-02-1, Rev.4) 94 H-3 List of Factories which produce the Regulated commodities under RPC Scheme (Form AP-02-2) 95 H-4 Declaration of Conformity to Type (Form AP-04, Rev.2) 96 I-1 Example of Format of Certificate of RPC (CE-01, Rev.3) 97 I-2 Example of a completed ‘Certificate of RPC’ 98 J Format of Report of Factory Inspection for Product Certification (CE- 03, Rev.1) 99 K-1 Example of Format of Declaration of Conformity (D01, Rev. 1) 100 K-2 Example of a completed ‘Declaration of Conformity’ 102 L Example of Application Form for the Identification Number for Declaration of Conformity 104 M Method of drawing certification mark and registration number 105 N Regulations governing the use of Commodity Inspection Mark 106-109 O Designated Commodity Certification Bodies 110 P Designated Testing Laboratories (Local / Foreign) 111 Q Recognized Commodity Certification Bodies (MRA) 112-131 R Recognized Testing Laboratories (MRA) 132-135 Tracking record of this Information Booklet 136-153 TAIWAN COMMODITY INSPECTION SCHEMES 3 1 PREFACE This information booklet serves as a guide to the definitions (Appendix A) and scope of Regulated commodities and other requirements related to the Taiwan Commodity Inspection Schemes (hereafter referred to as the TCI Schemes). The TCI Schemes for electrical and electronic products in this booklet includes two schemes, namely: registration of product certification, and declaration of conformity. The TCI Schemes can be found at the website www.bsmi.gov.tw. The Competent Authority reserves the right to amend and introduce new requirements to the aforementioned schemes without reference to the holder of this booklet and encourages feedback from readers to ensure that improvements to this booklet could be made from time to time. Our address is: Bureau of Standards, Metrology and Inspection (BSMI) No. 4, Sec. 1, Jinan Rd., Taipei 10051 Taiwan, Republic of China Telephone: 886 2 2343-1700 Facsimile: 886 2 2393-2324 Website: http://www.bsmi.gov.tw The Competent Authority also conducts training course for manufacturers, suppliers and consumers of regulated commodities, even conformity assessment bodies in Taiwan. The training is for them to familiarise with the TCI Schemes and the requirements. Anyone who is interested in attending the course can register with the Competent Authority via telephone, facsimile or website. The Competent Authority will consolidate all requests and inform them of the course date. TAIWAN COMMODITY INSPECTION SCHEMES 4 2 INTRODUCTION The Taiwan Commodity Inspection Schemes (TCI Schemes) are administered by BSMI as the Competent Authority by Ministry of Economic Affairs (MOEA) under the Commodity Inspection Act. In order to protect the rights and interests of consumers and to facilitate economic activities, agricultural, industrial and mining commodities domestically produced or to be imported must comply with inspection requirements before they are shipped out of the manufacturing premises, are imported or placed on the market. Inspection of Electrical and Electronic (EE) commodities is conducted according to three Schemes, namely: batch-by-batch inspection, registration of product certification, and declaration of conformity. Instead of going through the complicated and time-consuming batch-by-batch inspection procedures, the local suppliers are encouraged to adopt the registration of product certification (RPC) scheme in this Booklet. Regarding the registration of product certification scheme (Appendix B), all regulated commodities for entering into Taiwan market must first be registered with the Competent Authority as Registered regulated commodities. One of the roles of the Competent Authority under the Act is to ensure compliance by industry on the registration of announced Electrical and Electronic Equipment (EEE). The definitions and applicable standards of the regulated commodities are provided in Appendix C-1 and Appendix C-2. Local Suppliers are required to register each model of regulated commodities with the Competent Authority. Registration of regulated commodities under the Commodity Inspection Act and the related Regulations is based on Certificate of RPC Scheme issued by designated / recognized third party Conformity Assessment Bodies (CABs) or on Type-test report issued by designated / recognized testing laboratories. We would like to draw your attention to Article 60 of the Commodity Inspection Act, where it is stipulated that no commodity subject to inspection shall be released from the production premises, nor be exported or imported, if it does not conform to the inspection requirements. Under having violated the above circumstance, the obligatory inspection applicant of a commodity subject to inspection shall be imposed with a fine in an amount of not less than New Taiwan Dollar Two Hundred Thousand (NTD 200,000), but not more than New Taiwan Dollar Two Million (NTD 2,000,000). TAIWAN COMMODITY INSPECTION SCHEMES 5 3 WHO SHOULD BE CONCERNED WITH THESE SCHEMES Consumers To safeguard consumers’ interest, consumers are strongly advised to purchase regulated commodities that are certified / registered with the Competent Authority and are affixed with the Commodity Inspection Mark. Registered regulated commodities met the specified requirements help to prevent hazards that could result in injuries or deaths to humans and/or damages to private properties. To assist in identifying the registered regulated commodities, consumers can use the website http://civil.bsmi.gov.tw/bsmi_pqn/index.jsp （in Chinese） to guide them when making purchases. Suppliers Manufacturers, importers (including parallel importers), agencies, retailers and traders who are involved in supplying the regulated commodities must ensure that their obligations under the Commodity Inspection Act and the related regulations are fulfilled. This Information Booklet is to assist suppliers in understanding the requirements and procedures when they apply for registration of regulated commodities. The Competent
